Clarify rules of defending, based on Alex K's answer (#257)
Heegu-sama/Homm3BG: sections/combat.tex

That Unit \textbf{must skip its next Activation}. Remove the Token instead of activating it.
If the Unit \textbf{attacked or takes any damage} before that time, \textbf{remove the Token}.
The Token does not prevent Units from performing Retaliation Attacks.\par

> \textbf{\hypertarget{Defend}{Defend}} \includesvg[height=10px]{\svgs/defense.svg} – Units may choose to gain a Defense Token and end the Activation instead of attacking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{\hypertarget{Defend}{Defend}} \includesvg[height=10px]{\svgs/defense.svg} – Units may choose to gain a Defense Token instead of attacking.
Ranged Units cannot move after gaining it.
```
It also makes it clear that non-ranged units can still move before defending. A lot of people have doubts around this.

That Unit \textbf{must skip its next Activation}. Remove the Token instead of activating it.
If the Unit \textbf{attacked or takes any damage} before that time, \textbf{remove the Token}.
The Token does not prevent Units from performing Retaliation Attacks.\par
\textbf{\hypertarget{Defend}{Defend}} \includesvg[height=10px]{\svgs/defense.svg} – Units may choose to gain a Defense Token and end the Activation instead of attacking.

> Remember that Ranged Units \includesvg[height=10px]{\svgs/unit_ranged.svg} move after attacking, therefore they won't be able to move if they choose to Defend.

Reviewer: I think it's unnecessary.

Author: You just wanted me to add the clarification about ranged units :)

Reviewer: That was before you posted the picture about stacking abilities. It's unnecessary now.
